Multiple instances (#6829)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/protocols/transform/index.md

- **Source-level transformations are irrevocable:** When applied at the source, a transformation permanently changes the structure of the event. The original events are not easily recoverable or [Replayable](/docs/guides/what-is-replay). Assume that transformed data cannot be recovered.
- **Device-mode destinations are NOT supported:** Source scoped transformations will **only** apply to cloud-mode destinations, warehouses, and S3 destinations. Destination scoped transformations will **only** apply to cloud-mode destinations.
- **Transformation order:** Segment processes source-scoped transformations before the events reach destination filters. Segment processes destination-scoped transformations after the events pass through destination filters.

> - **Multiple instances of the same destination:** If multiple instances of a destination are configured to a single source then the same transformation will apply across every instance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Multiple instances of the same destination:** If multiple instances of a destination are connected to a single source, then the same transformation applies across every instance. 
```
